#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
arrow==1.2.2
    # via jinja2-time
attrs==21.4.0
    # via jsonschema
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
colorama==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
cookiecutter==1.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-jsonschema==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.6.0
    # via tldextract
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
importlib-metadata==4.11.2
    # via
    #   click
    #   jsonschema
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via jsonschema
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
    #   jinja2-time
jinja2-time==0.2.0
    # via cookiecutter
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via dataclasses-jsonschema
markupsafe==2.1.0
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.14.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via typing-inspect
poyo==0.5.0
    # via cookiecutter
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   dataclasses-jsonschema
python-slugify==6.1.1
    # via cookiecutter
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via pyyaml-include
pyyaml-include==1.2.post2
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
    #   requests-file
    #   tldextract
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via tldextract
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tldextract==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   dataclasses-jsonschema
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   jsonschema
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
zipp==3.7.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
